What is the name of Dr. Seuss's egg-hatching elephant?
horton
Who was Clark Kent's high school sweetheart?
lana lang
What was the first published Sherlock Holmes story written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle?
a study in scarlet
To whom did Herman Melville dedicate his novel, Moby Dick?
nathanial hawthorne
What was the name of the girlfriend of Felix the Cat?
phyllis
Under what assumed name did Oscar Wilde live out the last three years of his life, in "France?
sebastian melmoth
What was Scarlett O'Hara's real first name?
katie
How many years did Robinson Crusoe spend shipwrecked on his island?
24|twentyfour|twenty four
George G. Moppet was the father of what comic strip character?
littlee lulu
What one word was intentionally left out of the movie version of Mario Puzo's novel, "The Godfather". even though this word was the working title of the book? 
mafia
In the comic strips, what was the name of Mandrake the Magician's giant partner?
lothar
What was the name of the pig leader in George Orwell's Animal Farm?
nepoleon
Tess Trueheart is the wife of what comic strip character?
dick tracy
In the Little Orphan Annie comic strip, what was the name of Daddy Warbucks's Giant bodyguard who wore a turban?
punjab
The Terror of the Monster was an early title for a best-selling novel which inspired one of the highest-grossing movies of the mid-70's. Under what name did it eventually terrify the reading and film going public?
jaws
What famous American writer was granted a patent for a best-selling book that contained no words?
mark twain
The Emerald City was the working title of which classic novel?
(the wonderful )?wizard of oz
What book was Mark David Chapman carrying with him when he killed John Lennon on 12/8/80?
catcher in the rye
In the 1953 biopic about the famous Houdini who played the starring role?
tony curtis
O'Hare International airport is in which city?
chicago
Rap originated In what country?
usa|united states
After the bombing of Pearl Harbor, the U.S. declared war on which country?
japan
What was the movie "Twister "about?
tornadoe?s
What is the name of the prehistoric town in which The Flintstones live?
bedrock
Barbie dolls were first made in which 20th-century decade?
50's|50s|1950s
American supermarkets introduced what kind of codes in the mid 70s?
barcodes|bar codes
How many carats is pure gold?
24|twentyfour|twenty four
Carlos Estevez is better known as whom?
charlie sheen
A 2000 year old, life size terracotta army was discovered in which country?
china
How long did the Arab-Israeli War of 1967 last?
6 days|six days